Alright, so let's talk about processing
nested lists. So we've got a list here
called menu, containing eight lists. Each
of those lists contain items that make
up the meals on the menu. In case you're
wondering why there's so much spam in
these meals, the menu's based on a Monty
Python sketch. The Python programming
language got its name, incidentally, from
Monty Python. Search the internet
for Monty Python's Spam sketch and you can watch it
on YouTube when you feel like a break. That sketch,
by the way, is also the reason we now
refer to junk emails as spam. Alright,
so what we're going to do is run through
each of the meals, and try and find one
that doesn't contain spam. So starting on
line 12, I'm going to type for meal
in menu colon. Then I'm going to type if space
double quotes,  with spam in those double quotes,
not in meal colon, print meal, in
parentheses. So it should print only the
lists that don't contain spam. On the
screen there, you can see that's egg and
bacon, and also egg, sausage and bacon.
Let's run the program to confirm that
You can see that's the right output. Now
each of the items on the menu are
themselves lists. Once you find one
without spam, you can print its items.
Let's go ahead and do that, down
here, on line 16, and I'm going to come over here
and I'm going to add for space item in
meal colon print and then item in parentheses.
You'll often see nested loops used like this,
to process nested lists.
Now we can also use the count
method, that sequence types have, to count
how much spam is in each meal. So let's have
a go doing that, and to do that we need
to add an else block, on line 18 over here;
else colon, then on line 19, print
parentheses double quotes. We want zero
in left and right curly braces,
has a spam score of, then 1 in left and right curly
braces. Press ENTER there,
and type dot format on the next line,
parentheses meal comma meal.count
parentheses double quotes, with the word
spam in those double quotes. We've got
three right closing parentheses. Alright, so let's
run the program to see how much spam each meal contains.
So just in case it wasn't obvious, you can use any
expression in dot format. So on line 20,
we call the count method of the meal
sequence, and it's the value that returns
that gets printed. That also shows how to
use the count method, which means we've
now covered everything in that table of
sequence operations. So let's briefly go back to that again,
this one here. Alright, so time now for a
challenge. Let's go back to IntelliJ.
We need a new file here. Let me take a copy of
these items - lines 1 to 10, inclusive.
Then we need a new file.
I'm gonna call this one nospam.
I'm gonna paste that code back in there.
Alright, so let's talk about the
challenge.
So we will go over a couple of
solutions to this, in the next video.